what's going on guys it's your boy he
can I bring you guys some grad the photo
5 News now tomorrow d some attempt they
will be dropping a new DLC content
package and I'll be a new patch so the
1.7 patch will be released tomorrow and
with this patch you will begin a free
deathmatch in our race traitors content
maker this is the beta stage of it so
this means you can create challenging
def value on death match race GTA race
or rally race with this new update and
they also gave us some insight on when
the new heist will be dropping I have
the impression that the high school d
driving within the first weeks of random
105 but they said no be released in 2014
which is next year and that's kind of a
big slap in face to me because I've been
patiently waiting for this heist update
at the update they kept saying are the
height of the drop zone and soon isn't
soon enough jenna is gonna come and i
still believe the heist will not be out
so i'm thinking sometime in spring heist
should be available and quite frankly
this game is getting really boring for
me because all the missions suck oh you
don't get any money you don't get your
art p and the only thing i doing Brent
the funnel now honest to god it's just
died and waste my money I don't even
race anymore because everything is so
pointless so I really don't know how
much longer I can take until these hikes
come it's really nothing else in this
game but pretty much glitch interest
you know have fun and I don't know man
I've been waiting for these types of so
long but and I know how to feel this way
and I don't know maybe they will give us
something really good with the highest
maybe they're working really hard with a
who knows but I expect at least one
hikes it to be out by now a lot of
people do feel this way because great
the photo online is really important and
if you don't feel that way I really know
honey game you're playing you don't make
any money from nothing RP sucks Miami
really heartbreaking because I did lose
my character before the 1.6 patch and I
just was really bored and not just what
a couple levels up cup under levels up
or whatever I'm 116 but whatever I don't
care but who knows what do you guys feel
about this when do you guys want to see
highs when you guys expect to see the
highest to drop the sleeping will
comment box i do you read them and if
you do want to see more in the four or
five videos be sure to subscribe I do
have tons of grant photo video so until
the next video peace out
you